Homework - classes

Basic level exercises

Exercise 1:
Create a class of cat that contains the following variables:
a. age type int
b. name String type
c. color String type
2. Create the following methods for the Cat's Class:
a. Constructor - through which we initialize the variables.
b. Getter & Setter.
c. Set toString method
Create a Main Plan through which we will create 2 cats.
Cat cat1 = new Cat ("snoopi", "black", 3);
Cat cat2 = new Cat ("mitzi", "white", 4);
4. Print the color, and name each cat


Exercise 2:
1. Just like Exercise 1, just instead of creating 2 cats,
Create an array of 5 cats.
Cat [] myCats = new Cat [5];
myCats [0] = new Cat ("snoopi", "black", 3);
….
Initialize the data of each cat. (By calling a constructor).
3. Print the information of each cat by a loop on the array (you can of course also call the method that does the printing)


Exercise 3:
Create 2 classes with the following names:
a. Rectangle
b. Circle
For each class, create the following variables:
a. double type area
b. color String type
For each class, create the following basic methods:
a. Constructor
b. Getter & Setter
4. Create 2 objects, one of the Circle type and the other of the Rectangle type and initialize them.
5. Print the color and area for each object.


Intermediate level exercises

Exercise 1:
In the previous exercise of shapes we inserted the space in the initialization of the objects. But in the real world we create a circle, triangle, square or any other engineering shape we do not really know what the area is, these know easier data to measure such as side length (square) or radius (circle).
Create 2 classes with the following names and variables for each shape:
(Think for yourself and determine the type of each variable)
a. Rectangle
i. color
ii. height
iii. width
b. Circle
i. color
ii. radius
For each class, create the following basic methods:
a. Constructor
b. Getter & Setter
For each class, create a method that calculates the area and returns it.
(You can search on Google how to calculate the area of ​​a shape)
4. Create 2 objects, one of the Circle type and the other of the Rectangle type and initialize them.
5. Print the color and area for each object.


Exercise 2:
pay attention! The goal of this exercise is to learn how to use existing objects.
We learned about a String variable
Note that String is a class (it also starts with the same size as all other variables like int, double, boolean…) so when we create a String variable we actually created an object.
Like any object it has methods, and the purpose of the exercise is to become familiar with important Class String methods.

Write a program that gets a browser name from the user (like chrome, edge…).
You can get the name in small, large, or mixed letters.
(You can enter "CHROME" or "chrome" for example)
The program will print the name of the browser + color according to the data below:
firefox - blue
chrome - red
edge - yellow
others - green

** Note that getting a String from the user is different from getting an int (Google search on how to do this)
For the solution, use a switch / if or a combination of both.

Advanced level exercises

If we want to build student management software (or college) then as part of writing our code we will need to define a student class.
- Define a student's class and define the following characteristics in the class:
1. Name
2. Email
3. Add 3 more features of your choice
4. An array of his score list
Create methods according to the next step (see what you need and accordingly create appropriate methods)
Then:
Create 5 different students
2. Print all the details about each student using toString
3. Print for each student the average of his or her grades
4. Print the grade point average of all students together
Successfully:)